c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Debug\StayAlive.exe
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Debug\StayAlive.pdb
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Debug\InputSimulator.dll
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Debug\InputSimulator.pdb
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Debug\InputSimulator.xml
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\StayAlive.Form1.resources
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\StayAlive.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\StayAlive.exe
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\StayAlive.pdb
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\StayAlive.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\Interop.DIRECTORSHOCKWAVELib.dll
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\AxInterop.DIRECTORSHOCKWAVELib.dll
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Debug\Interop.DIRECTORSHOCKWAVELib.dll
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Debug\Interop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Debug\AxInterop.DIRECTORSHOCKWAVELib.dll
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Debug\AxInterop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\Interop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\AxInterop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Debug\StayAlive.exe.manifest
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Debug\StayAlive.application
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\StayAlive.exe.manifest
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\StayAlive.application
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Debug\StayAlive.exe.config
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Debug\StayAlive.exe.config
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Debug\StayAlive.exe.manifest
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Debug\StayAlive.application
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Debug\StayAlive.exe
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Debug\StayAlive.pdb
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Debug\Interop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Debug\AxInterop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\Interop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\AxInterop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\StayAlive.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\StayAlive.Form1.resources
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\StayAlive.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\StayAlive.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\StayAlive.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\StayAlive.exe.manifest
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\StayAlive.application
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\StayAlive.exe
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\StayAlive.pdb
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Debug\StayAlive.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
