c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\Interop.DIRECTORSHOCKWAVELib.dll
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\Interop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\Interop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\AxInterop.DIRECTORSHOCKWAVELib.dll
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\AxInterop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\StayAlive.exe
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\StayAlive.pdb
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\InputSimulator.dll
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\InputSimulator.pdb
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\InputSimulator.xml
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\Interop.DIRECTORSHOCKWAVELib.dll
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\Interop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\Interop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\AxInterop.DIRECTORSHOCKWAVELib.dll
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\AxInterop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.Form1.resources
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.exe
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.pdb
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\StayAlive.exe.manifest
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\StayAlive.application
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.exe.manifest
c:\users\zf297a\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.application
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\StayAlive.exe.config
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\VisualStudio\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\StayAlive.exe.config
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\VisualStudio\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\Interop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\VisualStudio\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\VisualStudio\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\AxInterop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\VisualStudio\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\VisualStudio\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\VisualStudio\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.exe
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\VisualStudio\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.pdb
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\VisualStudio\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\StayAlive.exe.manifest
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\VisualStudio\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\StayAlive.application
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\VisualStudio\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\StayAlive.exe
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\VisualStudio\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\StayAlive.pdb
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\VisualStudio\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\Interop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\VisualStudio\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\VisualStudio\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\AxInterop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\VisualStudio\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\VisualStudio\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.Form1.resources
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\VisualStudio\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\VisualStudio\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\VisualStudio\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.exe.manifest
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\VisualStudio\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.application
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\VisualStudio\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\Interop.DIRECTORSHOCKWAVELib.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\VisualStudio\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\AxInterop.DIRECTORSHOCKWAVELib.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\VisualStudio\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\Interop.DIRECTORSHOCKWAVELib.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\VisualStudio\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\AxInterop.DIRECTORSHOCKWAVELib.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\VisualStudio\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\StayAlive.exe.config
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\StayAlive.exe.manifest
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\StayAlive.application
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\StayAlive.exe
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\StayAlive.pdb
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\Interop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\AxInterop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\bin\Release\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\Interop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\AxInterop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.Form1.resources
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.exe.manifest
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.application
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.exe
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.pdb
C:\Users\zf297a\Documents\C#\StayAlive\StayAlive\StayAlive\obj\x86\Release\StayAlive.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
